Comments on Machine Learning with Chomp after the Doctoral Research Showcase

"Fascinating - I genuinely feel that I've learned something!"

"This is great; made a very playful and easy concept of what's normally considered 'complex' science!"

"Very powerful way to explain machine learning!"

"Very interesting introduction to a subject often mentioned but rarely explained!"

"Really enjoyed this exhibit - v. insightful into the process of machine learning"

"Very interesting and really well done!"

"Very interesting, it tears apart the fear of AI, because it's just plastic boxes!"

"Very impressive way to explain ML!"

"really good exhibit"

"Learned a great deal, thanks!"

"Very cool, really makes the point!"

"Inspirational and powerful explanation. Well done."


Great game and illustration of machine learning. I work with games in science communication and loved it. Get in touch, I would love to chat more 
it was a great experience 
Loved Machine Learning with Chomp - great for both practicing scicomm and for engaging... everyone!
So often with AI and tech communication centres on the amazing tech, this game removes all that and shows how these machines operate beneath the algorithm!
interesting and educational. 
Genuinely the only explanation of machine learning that I've ever understood. \really comprehensive and useful, but also scary about the possibilities of machine learning
Very well explained, a nice concept and set up. Bit pressuring to be put on the spot to come up with an answer though, particularly if it's been a while since you've played any similar logic-type game. Overall fun though!
Well facilitated and great explanation of machine learning! You should develop a version which can be done with a crowd!
Thank you for your programs which help me to understand how the computer learn.
Great presentation and concept. I loved seeing the "analogue" version of something so often thought of as digital!
Brilliant interactive way to demonstrate a concept I would otherwise find hard to understand !
Great project!
I really enjoyed this game. It's a very complex subject, made very simple, very eloquentley. 